WB-1568: Add theme utilities (#1977)
Khan/wonder-blocks: __docs__/wonder-blocks-theming/create-theme-context.mdx

import {Meta, Canvas} from "@storybook/blocks";

import {createThemeContext} from "@khanacademy/wonder-blocks-theming";

import {ButtonWithTheme} from "./theme-examples";

<Meta title="Theming / createThemeContext" />

# `createThemeContext`

> `createThemeContext` is an utility that allow us to create a given theme that
> contains the component tokens associated to it.

Reviewer: Super tiny nit
```suggestion
`createThemeContext` is a utility that allows us to create a given theme that
contains the component tokens associated with it.
```

```ts
function createThemeContext<T>(theme: T): React.Context<T>;
```

## Usage

```ts
import {tokens, createThemeContext} from "@khanacademy/wonder-blocks-theming";

const buttonDefaultTheme = {
    color: {
        bg: {
            primary: tokens.color.blue,
        },
    },
    border: {
        radius: tokens.border.radius.medium_4,
    },
};

const ButtonThemeContext = createThemeContext(buttonDefaultTheme);

const ThemedButton = () => {
    const theme = React.useContext(ButtonThemeContext);
    return (
        <button
            style={{
                background: theme.color.bg.primary,

>                 borderRadius: theme.border.radius,

Reviewer: Could you add an explanation to these docs about why using `createThemeContext` is better than just doing
```
background: buttonDefaultTheme.color.bg.primary,
borderRadius: buttonDefaultTheme.border.radius,
```

# `createThemeContext`

`createThemeContext` is a utility that allows us to create a given theme that
contains the component tokens associated to it.

This is useful when we want to create a component that can be themed, and we
want to provide a default theme for it. Also, this allows us to extend the

> component with more themes and swtich between them using the `ThemeProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
component with more themes and switch between them using the `ThemeProvider`.
```
